#501 feature flags missing from documentation (#504)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-references/feature-flags.md

title: Feature Flags
---

> With feature flags, you can try out experimental features that aren't enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With feature flags, you can try out experimental features that aren't enabled by default, or enable legacy features that are being phased out.
```

- `istio-virtual-service-ui`: This flag enables a [visual interface](../../../how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/istio-traffic-management-features.md) to create, read, update, and delete Istio virtual services and destination rules, which are Istio traffic management features.
- `legacy`: There are a set of features from previous versions of Rancher that are slowly being phased out in favor of newer implementations. These are a mix of deprecated features as well as features that will eventually move to newer versions. This flag is disabled by default on new Rancher installations. If you're upgrading from a previous version of Rancher, this flag is enabled.
- `multi-cluster-management`: Allows multi-cluster provisioning and management of Kubernetes clusters. This flag can only be set at install time.
- `proxy` (v2.7.1): Enables an experimental proxy for Kubernetes API requests. 
- `rke1-custom-node-cleanup` (v2.7.1 and later): Enables cleanup of deleted RKE1 custom nodes. 

> - `rke2`: Enables provisioning RKE2 clusters. This flag is enabled bt default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rke2`: Enables provisioning RKE2 clusters. This flag is enabled by default.
```

title: Feature Flags
---

With feature flags, you can try out optional or experimental features, and enable legacy features that are being phased out.

To learn more about feature values and how to enable them, see [Enabling Experimental Features](../../../pages-for-subheaders/enable-experimental-features.md).

:::note

Some feature flags require a restart of the Rancher container. Features that require a restart are marked in the Rancher UI.

:::

> The following is a list of feature flags available in Rancher v2.7. If you've upgraded from a previous Rancher version, you may see additional flags in the Rancher UI, such as `proxy` or `dashboard` (both [discontinued](../../../../versioned_docs/version-2.5/reference-guides/installation-references/feature-flags.md)):

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep the first sentence generic and drop the mention of the version. For minor versions, we can omit explicit callouts since that can be inferred from the version being viewed. It also becomes another piece we need to update (and can be easily missed) when cutting a new version.

- `continuous-delivery`: Allows Fleet GitOps to be disabled separately from Fleet. See [Continuous Delivery.](../../../how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/continuous-delivery.md) for more information.
- `fleet`: The Rancher provisioning framework in v2.6 and later requires Fleet. The flag will be automatically enabled when you upgrade, even if you disabled this flag in an earlier version of Rancher. See [Fleet - GitOps at Scale](../../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/deploy-apps-across-clusters/fleet.md) for more information.

> - `harvester`: Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See [Fleet - GitOps at Scale](../../../integrations-in-rancher/harvester.md) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `harvester`: Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See [Harvester Integration](../../../integrations-in-rancher/harvester.md) for more information.
```

- `multi-cluster-management`: Allows multi-cluster provisioning and management of Kubernetes clusters. This flag can only be set at install time. It can't be enabled or disabled later.
- `rke1-custom-node-cleanup`: Enables cleanup of deleted RKE1 custom nodes. We recommend that you keep this flag enabled, to prevent removed nodes from attempting to rejoin the cluster.
- `rke2`: Enables provisioning RKE2 clusters. This flag is enabled by default.
- `token-hashing`: Enables token hashing. Once enabled, existing tokens will be hashed and all new tokens will be hashed automatically with the SHA256 algorithm. Once a token is hashed it can't be undone. This flag can't be disabled after its enabled. See [API Tokens](../../../reference-guides/about-the-api/api-tokens.md#token-hashing) for more information.
- `unsupported-storage-drivers`: Enables types for storage providers and provisioners that aren't enabled by default. See [Allow Unsupported Storage Drivers](../../../how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/unsupported-storage-drivers.md) for more information.

> The following table shows the availability and default values for some feature flags in Rancher. Features marked "GA"  are generally available:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table shows the availability and default values for some feature flags in Rancher. Features marked "GA" are generally available:
```

> The following table shows the availability and default values for some feature flags in Rancher. Features marked "GA" (generally available) are no longer experimental:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table shows the availability and default values for some feature flags in Rancher. Features marked "GA" (generally available) are not experimental:
```

Some features start as GA so the `are no longer experimental` bit is not accurate for those cases.
